DOCS-530: Refactor Glossary (#996)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/glossary/resource-config.md

title: Resource Config
id: resource-config
full_link:

> short_description: The configuration element of either a component or a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: The configuration element of a component, service or other resource.
```
I'm actually not 100% sure whether we want "resource" to include modules and remotes, or if those indirectly fall within components and services anyway (since modules are components or services, and remotes provide access to components and services of other robots). So this suggestion and the one below should be ignored if we just want to keep it to components and services.

aka:
---

> The configuration element of either a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="component" text="component" >}} or a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="service" text="service" >}}.

Reviewer: This glossary item is strange. I would think this term could also apply to the entire config, like "the config of all the robot's resources". I almost think we should just delete this term. If not, it could still apply to a remote config, a module config, etc., so maybe broaden it.
```suggestion
The configuration element of a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} such as a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="component" text="component" >}} or a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="service" text="service" >}}.
```
